README.md, before:

# Void GAME

Basic movement, arrow keys to move boxes

Encounter a enemy on enemy boxes (they move one)


0 0 0 4 4 0 0 0 0 0
0 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 0 0
0 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 0 0
4 2 2 2 2 3 2 4 0 0
4 2 2 2 2 2 2 4 0 0
0 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 0 0
0 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Each board has a [0] [1] and [2]
[0] - Black void mass
[1] - Terrain
[2] - Movable areas
[3] - Save Point (may not be implemented)
[4] - Next room

Board -> 10x10 (Planned) OR 5x5 easier to build map
7x7 Board in use!


To be considered later:
[ENCOUNTER] will not happen, instead its all RNG
[Steps] -> Each time a play steps it will choose a direction, wont go previous location until previous is smth else
Enemy moves up, cant move down until next step
Once moved differently it can go back to spot


Story:

The world is hit with chaos, 6 underworld portals have opened

Its been a difficult 4 months, but finally you reached the end. The forming Under-Portal... the final one that will open up the gap between the 2 worlds and will summon a overpowered void creature. However, You the light have the power to destroy enter this overportal and you will obtain the powers needed. Without it, you will be defeated. However, due to funny game logic you will be forced to get it anyway teehee :3

Commit message:

Audios work, Fighting stuff fixed, Deal with Encountering bug later

README.md, after:

# Void Game

[Concept]

You, a Ferret who resides in the world of vologod train to become a soldier however something occurs...

You are now chosen as a hero to defeat the void entity coming from the underworld to destroy earth

2/8 portals have been summoned and seperate heros are already going to fight them and destroy the portals you are also one of these heros who has a designated portal to destroy. 

With your power of light you can achieve this!


[Logic]
Movement -> Arrow keys
Select choice -> Enter
Rooms are all tiles you CAN speed run this game

[Boss]
Your AP computer science is not pleased, you have not done your AP CSA HW at all this year he wants you dead, he is the protector of the portal you must defeat him!

[Basic]
Basic Rooms -> Easier to walk through, probably fastest part of the game
Basic Enemies -> Easy to fight and rank up from. Simple introduction to game fighting

[Advanced]
Advanced Rooms -> More time consuming to walk through
Advanced Enemies -> Difficult to fight but reward, be wise dont try to speed run them. More frequent in advanced rooms
